Add request headers allowlist (#506)
appsignal/appsignal-nodejs: packages/nodejs/.changesets/requestheaders-config-option-is-now-available.md

---
bump: "patch"
---

> `requestHeaders` config option is now available. An allow list that
> gives the ability to define which request headers you want to be
> shown in AppSignal performance traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `requestHeaders` config option is now available. An allow list that gives the ability to define which request headers you want to be shown in sample detail views. The default is a list of common headers that do not include [personal identifiable information](https://docs.appsignal.com/appsignal/gdpr.html#allowed-request-headers-only). Read more about [request headers](https://docs.appsignal.com/application/header-filtering.html) on our documentation website.
```
